Add Files, Clipboard, and first Advanced Apps Patterns (#7645)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/patterns/clipboard/paste-images/index.md

---
layout: pattern
title: How to paste images
date: 2022-08-01
authors:

>   - charistheodoulou

Author: ```suggestion
  - harrytheodoulou
```

      for (const imageType of imageTypes) {
        const blob = await clipboardItem.getType(imageType);
        // Do something with the image blob.
      }
    }
  } catch (err) {
    console.error(err.name, err.message);
  }
});
```

{% BrowserCompat 'api.Clipboard.read' %}

## The classic way

### Listen for the `paste` event

The classic way to paste images is to use the (synchronous) [Clipboard API](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Clipboard_API), which gives you access to the [`clipboardData`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/ClipboardEvent/clipboardData) field inside the [Document: `paste` event](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Document/paste_event). However, this method comes with limitations, for example because it's synchronous, pasting large amounts of data can block the page.

```js
document.addEventListener('paste', async (e) => {
  e.preventDefault();

  for (const clipboardItem of e.clipboardData.files) {
    if (clipboardItem.type.startsWith('image/')) {
      // Do something with the image file.
    }
  }
});
```

{% BrowserCompat 'api.Clipboard' %}

## Progressive enhancement

> For browsers that do not support the Async Clipboard API, it is impossible to access the user's clipboard programmatically (i.e., on a button click). Thus for accessing a user's clipboard on a `paste` event, you can use the Async Clipboard API and fall back to the (synchronous) Clipboard API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For browsers that do not support the Async Clipboard API, it is impossible to access the user's clipboard programmatically (for example, on a button click). Thus for accessing a user's clipboard on a `paste` event, you can use the Async Clipboard API and fall back to the (synchronous) Clipboard API.
```
